powertop: add `--time` example (#10601)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/powertop.md

- Tune to optimal settings:

`sudo powertop --auto-tune`

> - Refresh more often (every 5 seconds instead of 20 by default):
> 
> `sudo powertop --time=5`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate a report for a specified number of seconds (instead of 20 by default):

`sudo powertop --time={{5}}`
```
